ReadMe.md, before:

# AWESOME

## TOOLS

### [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio)

Android Studio is the official integrated development environment for Google's Android operating system.

### [Burrow](https://burrow.io)

The Simple, Stable Localhost Tunnel. Expose localhost to the internet using a public URL.

### [Docker](https://www.docker.com)

Docker is an open platform for developers and sysadmins to build, ship, and run distributed applications in containers.

### [Git](https://git-scm.com)

Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.

### [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org)

Let's Encrypt is a free, automated, and open Certificate Authority.

### [Ngrok](https://ngrok.com)

Ngrok provides a real-time web UI where you can introspect all HTTP traffic running over your tunnels.

### [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com)

Postman is a powerful HTTP client for testing web services.

### [PuTTY](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html)

SSH client.

### [Solar-PuTTY](https://www.solarwinds.com/free-tools/solar-putty)

SSH client.

### [Sourcetree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com)

SourceTree is the most popular cross-platform GUI for Git.

### [SSL For Free](https://www.sslforfree.com)

Free SSL Certificates & Free Wildcard SSL Certificates.

### [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com)

Visual Studio is an integrated development environment from Microsoft. It is used to develop computer programs, as well as web sites, web apps, web services and mobile apps.

### [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)

Visual Studio Code is a lightweight but powerful source code editor which runs on your desktop and is available for Windows, macOS and Linux.

## FRONTEND

### [Angular](https://angular.io)

Angular is a platform that makes it easy to build applications with the web. Angular combines declarative templates, dependency injection, end to end tooling, and integrated best practices to solve development challenges. Angular empowers developers to build applications that live on the web, mobile, or the desktop.

### [Aurelia](https://aurelia.io)

Aurelia is a javaScript client framework for web, mobile and desktop that leverages simple conventions to empower your creativity.

### [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)

Bootstrap is an open source toolkit for developing with HTML, CSS, and JS.

### [Bulma](https://bulma.io)

Bulma is an open source CSS framework based on Flexbox.

### [Chance.js](http://chancejs.com)

Chance is a minimalist generator of random strings, numbers, etc. to help reduce some monotony particularly while writing automated tests or anywhere else you need anything random.

### [Chart.js](http://www.chartjs.org)

Simple yet flexible JavaScript charting for designers & developers.

### [Cleave.js](https://nosir.github.io/cleave.js)

Format your input content when you are typing.

### [Collect.js](https://github.com/ecrmnn/collect.js)

Convenient and dependency free wrapper for working with arrays and objects.

### [Flexboxgrid](http://flexboxgrid.com)

A grid system based on the flex display property.

### [Math.js](http://mathjs.org)

An extensive math library for JavaScript.

### [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com)

Parse, validate, manipulate, and display dates and times in javaScript.

### [Numbro.js](https://numbrojs.com)

Numbro is a javascript library for converting, formatting, and manipulating all your numbers, in more than 30 languages.

### [UIKit](https://getuikit.com)

A lightweight and modular front-end framework for developing fast and powerful web interfaces.

### [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)

Vue is a progressive framework for building user interfaces.

## MICROSOFT .NET

### [AgileMapper](https://github.com/agileobjects/AgileMapper)

AgileMapper is a zero-configuration, highly-configurable object-object mapper with viewable execution plans. It projects queries, transforms, deep clones, updates and merges via extension methods, or a static or instance API.

### [AutoMapper](https://automapper.org)

AutoMapper is a simple little library built to solve a deceptively complex problem - getting rid of code that mapped one object to another.

### [ASP.NET Core](https://www.asp.net/core)

ASP.NET Core is a cross-platform, high-performance, open-source framework for building modern, cloud-based, Internet-connected applications.

### [ASP.NET Core SignalR](https://github.com/aspnet/SignalR)

Incredibly simple real-time web for ASP.NET Core.

### [AWS SDK for .NET](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-net/v2/developer-guide/net-dg-programming-techniques.html)

AWS SDK for .NET application to specify AWS credentials, logging options, endpoints, or signature with Amazon S3.

### [ClosedXML](https://github.com/ClosedXML/ClosedXML)

ClosedXML is a .NET library for reading, manipulating and writing Excel 2007+ (.xlsx, .xlsm) files.

### [CliWrap](https://github.com/Tyrrrz/CliWrap)

Wrapper for command line interface executables.

### [CsvHelper](https://joshclose.github.io/CsvHelper/)

A library for reading and writing CSV files.

### [Dapper](https://github.com/StackExchange/Dapper)

A simple object mapper for .NET.

### [DefensiveProgrammingFramework](https://github.com/aljazsim/defensive-programming-framework-for-net)

Defensive programing is a programming style that practices thorough validation of method input parameters resulting in robust code that allows method execution only in case of valid input or terminates it otherwise.

### [DeviceId](https://github.com/MatthewKing/DeviceId)

A simple library providing functionality to generate a 'device ID' that can be used to uniquely identify a computer.

### [Ensure.That](https://github.com/danielwertheim/ensure.that)

Ensure.That is a simple guard clause argument validation lib, that helps you with validation of your arguments.

### [EntityFrameworkCore](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core)

Entity Framework Core is a lightweight, extensible, and cross-platform version of the popular Entity Framework data access technology. Entity Framework Core can serve as an object-relational mapper (ORM), enabling .NET developers to work with a database using .NET objects, and eliminating the need for most of the data-access code they usually need to write.

### [FluentEmail](https://github.com/lukencode/FluentEmail)

.NET Core email sending.

### [FluentScheduler](https://github.com/fluentscheduler/FluentScheduler)

Automated job scheduler with fluent interface.

### [FluentValidation](https://fluentvalidation.net)

A popular .NET library for building strongly-typed validation rules.

### [Hangfire](https://www.hangfire.io)

An easy way to perform background processing in .NET and .NET Core applications. No Windows Service or separate process required.

### [HtmlAgilityPack](http://html-agility-pack.net)

HAP is an HTML parser written in C# to read/write DOM and supports plain XPATH or XSLT.

### [Humanizer](https://github.com/Humanizr/Humanizer)

Humanizer meets all your .NET needs for manipulating and displaying strings, enums, dates, times, timespans, numbers and quantities.

### [IdentiyServer](http://identityserver.io)

OpenID Connect and OAuth 2.0 Framework for ASP.NET Core.

### [Insight.Database](https://github.com/jonwagner/Insight.Database)

Fast, lightweight .NET micro-ORM.

### [Log4net](https://logging.apache.org/log4net)

The Apache log4net library is a tool to help the programmer output log statements to a variety of output targets.

### [MediatR](https://github.com/jbogard/MediatR)

Simple, unambitious mediator implementation in .NET.

### [MoreLINQ](https://morelinq.github.io)

Extensions to LINQ to Objects.

### [Moq](https://github.com/moq/moq4)

The most popular and friendly mocking framework for .NET.

### [NServiceBus](https://particular.net/nservicebus)

The most developer-friendly service bus for .NET. Backed by a rock-solid distributed development methodology, a worldwide community of experts, consultants and contributors, NServiceBus offers enterprise-grade scalability and reliability for your workflows and integrations without any messy XML configuration - just pure-code bliss.

### [NSubstitute](http://nsubstitute.github.io)

A friendly substitute for .NET mocking frameworks.

### [Ocelot](http://threemammals.com/ocelot)

.NET core API Gateway.

### [Polly](http://www.thepollyproject.org)

Polly is a .NET resilience and transient-fault-handling library that allows developers to express policies such as Retry, Circuit Breaker, Timeout, Bulkhead Isolation, and Fallback in a fluent and thread-safe manner.

### [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com)

RabbitMQ is lightweight and easy to deploy on premises and in the cloud. It supports multiple messaging protocols. RabbitMQ can be deployed in distributed and federated configurations to meet high-scale, high-availability requirements.

### [RestSharp](http://restsharp.org)

Simple REST and HTTP API Client for .NET.

### [SimpleInjector](https://simpleinjector.org)

Simple Injector is an easy-to-use Dependency Injection (DI) library for .NET.

### [Scientist.NET](https://github.com/github/Scientist.net)

Library for carefully refactoring critical paths.

### [Serilog](https://serilog.net)

Serilog provides diagnostic logging to files, the console, and elsewhere. It is easy to set up, has a clean API, and is portable between recent .NET platforms.

### [Topshelf](http://topshelf-project.com)

An easy service hosting framework for building Windows services using .NET.

## DATABASES

### [CouchDB](http://couchdb.apache.org)

Apache CouchDB is open source database software that focuses on ease of use and having a scalable architecture.

### [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co)

Elasticsearch is a distributed, RESTful search and analytics engine capable of solving a growing number of use cases. As the heart of the Elastic Stack, it centrally stores your data so you can discover the expected and uncover the unexpected.

### [LiteDB](http://www.litedb.org)

A .NET NoSQL Document Store in a single data file.

### [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com)

MongoDB is a free and open-source cross-platform NoSQL document-oriented database.

### [PouchDB](https://pouchdb.com)

PouchDB is an open-source JavaScript database inspired by Apache CouchDB that is designed to run well within the browser. PouchDB was created to help web developers build applications that work as well offline as they do online.

### [Redis](https://redis.io)

Redis is an in-memory data structure store, used as a database, cache and message broker. It supports data structures such as strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets with range queries, bitmaps, hyperloglogs and geospatial indexes with radius queries.

### [RavenDB](https://ravendb.net)

A NoSQL Document Database that has been Fully Transactional.

### [SQL Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server)

Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management system.

## MOBILE

### [Cordova](https://cordova.apache.org)

Mobile apps with HTML, CSS & JS. Target multiple platforms with one code base.

### [Ionic](https://ionicframework.com)

Build amazing apps in one codebase, for any platform, with the web. Ionic lets web developers build, test, deploy and monitor cross-platform apps easier than ever.

Commit message:

Add couchbase to databases section

ReadMe.md, after:

# AWESOME

## TOOLS

### [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio)

Android Studio is the official integrated development environment for Google's Android operating system.

### [Burrow](https://burrow.io)

The Simple, Stable Localhost Tunnel. Expose localhost to the internet using a public URL.

### [Docker](https://www.docker.com)

Docker is an open platform for developers and sysadmins to build, ship, and run distributed applications in containers.

### [Git](https://git-scm.com)

Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.

### [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org)

Let's Encrypt is a free, automated, and open Certificate Authority.

### [Ngrok](https://ngrok.com)

Ngrok provides a real-time web UI where you can introspect all HTTP traffic running over your tunnels.

### [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com)

Postman is a powerful HTTP client for testing web services.

### [PuTTY](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html)

SSH client.

### [Solar-PuTTY](https://www.solarwinds.com/free-tools/solar-putty)

SSH client.

### [Sourcetree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com)

SourceTree is the most popular cross-platform GUI for Git.

### [SSL For Free](https://www.sslforfree.com)

Free SSL Certificates & Free Wildcard SSL Certificates.

### [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com)

Visual Studio is an integrated development environment from Microsoft. It is used to develop computer programs, as well as web sites, web apps, web services and mobile apps.

### [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)

Visual Studio Code is a lightweight but powerful source code editor which runs on your desktop and is available for Windows, macOS and Linux.

## FRONTEND

### [Angular](https://angular.io)

Angular is a platform that makes it easy to build applications with the web. Angular combines declarative templates, dependency injection, end to end tooling, and integrated best practices to solve development challenges. Angular empowers developers to build applications that live on the web, mobile, or the desktop.

### [Aurelia](https://aurelia.io)

Aurelia is a javaScript client framework for web, mobile and desktop that leverages simple conventions to empower your creativity.

### [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)

Bootstrap is an open source toolkit for developing with HTML, CSS, and JS.

### [Bulma](https://bulma.io)

Bulma is an open source CSS framework based on Flexbox.

### [Chance.js](http://chancejs.com)

Chance is a minimalist generator of random strings, numbers, etc. to help reduce some monotony particularly while writing automated tests or anywhere else you need anything random.

### [Chart.js](http://www.chartjs.org)

Simple yet flexible JavaScript charting for designers & developers.

### [Cleave.js](https://nosir.github.io/cleave.js)

Format your input content when you are typing.

### [Collect.js](https://github.com/ecrmnn/collect.js)

Convenient and dependency free wrapper for working with arrays and objects.

### [Flexboxgrid](http://flexboxgrid.com)

A grid system based on the flex display property.

### [Math.js](http://mathjs.org)

An extensive math library for JavaScript.

### [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com)

Parse, validate, manipulate, and display dates and times in javaScript.

### [Numbro.js](https://numbrojs.com)

Numbro is a javascript library for converting, formatting, and manipulating all your numbers, in more than 30 languages.

### [UIKit](https://getuikit.com)

A lightweight and modular front-end framework for developing fast and powerful web interfaces.

### [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)

Vue is a progressive framework for building user interfaces.

## MICROSOFT .NET

### [AgileMapper](https://github.com/agileobjects/AgileMapper)

AgileMapper is a zero-configuration, highly-configurable object-object mapper with viewable execution plans. It projects queries, transforms, deep clones, updates and merges via extension methods, or a static or instance API.

### [AutoMapper](https://automapper.org)

AutoMapper is a simple little library built to solve a deceptively complex problem - getting rid of code that mapped one object to another.

### [ASP.NET Core](https://www.asp.net/core)

ASP.NET Core is a cross-platform, high-performance, open-source framework for building modern, cloud-based, Internet-connected applications.

### [ASP.NET Core SignalR](https://github.com/aspnet/SignalR)

Incredibly simple real-time web for ASP.NET Core.

### [AWS SDK for .NET](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-net/v2/developer-guide/net-dg-programming-techniques.html)

AWS SDK for .NET application to specify AWS credentials, logging options, endpoints, or signature with Amazon S3.

### [ClosedXML](https://github.com/ClosedXML/ClosedXML)

ClosedXML is a .NET library for reading, manipulating and writing Excel 2007+ (.xlsx, .xlsm) files.

### [CliWrap](https://github.com/Tyrrrz/CliWrap)

Wrapper for command line interface executables.

### [CsvHelper](https://joshclose.github.io/CsvHelper/)

A library for reading and writing CSV files.

### [Dapper](https://github.com/StackExchange/Dapper)

A simple object mapper for .NET.

### [DefensiveProgrammingFramework](https://github.com/aljazsim/defensive-programming-framework-for-net)

Defensive programing is a programming style that practices thorough validation of method input parameters resulting in robust code that allows method execution only in case of valid input or terminates it otherwise.

### [DeviceId](https://github.com/MatthewKing/DeviceId)

A simple library providing functionality to generate a 'device ID' that can be used to uniquely identify a computer.

### [Ensure.That](https://github.com/danielwertheim/ensure.that)

Ensure.That is a simple guard clause argument validation lib, that helps you with validation of your arguments.

### [EntityFrameworkCore](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core)

Entity Framework Core is a lightweight, extensible, and cross-platform version of the popular Entity Framework data access technology. Entity Framework Core can serve as an object-relational mapper (ORM), enabling .NET developers to work with a database using .NET objects, and eliminating the need for most of the data-access code they usually need to write.

### [FluentEmail](https://github.com/lukencode/FluentEmail)

.NET Core email sending.

### [FluentScheduler](https://github.com/fluentscheduler/FluentScheduler)

Automated job scheduler with fluent interface.

### [FluentValidation](https://fluentvalidation.net)

A popular .NET library for building strongly-typed validation rules.

### [Hangfire](https://www.hangfire.io)

An easy way to perform background processing in .NET and .NET Core applications. No Windows Service or separate process required.

### [HtmlAgilityPack](http://html-agility-pack.net)

HAP is an HTML parser written in C# to read/write DOM and supports plain XPATH or XSLT.

### [Humanizer](https://github.com/Humanizr/Humanizer)

Humanizer meets all your .NET needs for manipulating and displaying strings, enums, dates, times, timespans, numbers and quantities.

### [IdentiyServer](http://identityserver.io)

OpenID Connect and OAuth 2.0 Framework for ASP.NET Core.

### [Insight.Database](https://github.com/jonwagner/Insight.Database)

Fast, lightweight .NET micro-ORM.

### [Log4net](https://logging.apache.org/log4net)

The Apache log4net library is a tool to help the programmer output log statements to a variety of output targets.

### [MediatR](https://github.com/jbogard/MediatR)

Simple, unambitious mediator implementation in .NET.

### [MoreLINQ](https://morelinq.github.io)

Extensions to LINQ to Objects.

### [Moq](https://github.com/moq/moq4)

The most popular and friendly mocking framework for .NET.

### [NServiceBus](https://particular.net/nservicebus)

The most developer-friendly service bus for .NET. Backed by a rock-solid distributed development methodology, a worldwide community of experts, consultants and contributors, NServiceBus offers enterprise-grade scalability and reliability for your workflows and integrations without any messy XML configuration - just pure-code bliss.

### [NSubstitute](http://nsubstitute.github.io)

A friendly substitute for .NET mocking frameworks.

### [Ocelot](http://threemammals.com/ocelot)

.NET core API Gateway.

### [Polly](http://www.thepollyproject.org)

Polly is a .NET resilience and transient-fault-handling library that allows developers to express policies such as Retry, Circuit Breaker, Timeout, Bulkhead Isolation, and Fallback in a fluent and thread-safe manner.

### [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com)

RabbitMQ is lightweight and easy to deploy on premises and in the cloud. It supports multiple messaging protocols. RabbitMQ can be deployed in distributed and federated configurations to meet high-scale, high-availability requirements.

### [RestSharp](http://restsharp.org)

Simple REST and HTTP API Client for .NET.

### [SimpleInjector](https://simpleinjector.org)

Simple Injector is an easy-to-use Dependency Injection (DI) library for .NET.

### [Scientist.NET](https://github.com/github/Scientist.net)

Library for carefully refactoring critical paths.

### [Serilog](https://serilog.net)

Serilog provides diagnostic logging to files, the console, and elsewhere. It is easy to set up, has a clean API, and is portable between recent .NET platforms.

### [Topshelf](http://topshelf-project.com)

An easy service hosting framework for building Windows services using .NET.

## DATABASES

### [CouchDB](https://www.couchbase.com/)

Couchbase is NoSQL database for business-critical applications.

### [CouchDB](http://couchdb.apache.org)

Apache CouchDB is open source database software that focuses on ease of use and having a scalable architecture.

### [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co)

Elasticsearch is a distributed, RESTful search and analytics engine capable of solving a growing number of use cases. As the heart of the Elastic Stack, it centrally stores your data so you can discover the expected and uncover the unexpected.

### [LiteDB](http://www.litedb.org)

A .NET NoSQL Document Store in a single data file.

### [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com)

MongoDB is a free and open-source cross-platform NoSQL document-oriented database.

### [PouchDB](https://pouchdb.com)

PouchDB is an open-source JavaScript database inspired by Apache CouchDB that is designed to run well within the browser. PouchDB was created to help web developers build applications that work as well offline as they do online.

### [Redis](https://redis.io)

Redis is an in-memory data structure store, used as a database, cache and message broker. It supports data structures such as strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets with range queries, bitmaps, hyperloglogs and geospatial indexes with radius queries.

### [RavenDB](https://ravendb.net)

A NoSQL Document Database that has been Fully Transactional.

### [SQL Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server)

Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management system.

## MOBILE

### [Cordova](https://cordova.apache.org)

Mobile apps with HTML, CSS & JS. Target multiple platforms with one code base.

### [Ionic](https://ionicframework.com)

Build amazing apps in one codebase, for any platform, with the web. Ionic lets web developers build, test, deploy and monitor cross-platform apps easier than ever.
